Anudin was going over an old tattered parchment with a furrowed brow. Krach was standing by the side similarly pensive, wondering if he should speak or not. Finally, he gave in to his burning curiosity and asked,"My lord, what are you thinking?". Anudin looked up surprised, as if he didn't know that his attendant was present, but answered calmly nonetheless - "The scroll speaks of the Blood Dragon coming in from the eastern sea with ships in tow; however, during that war, the landmass wan't scattered into pieces as it is today. I myself wasn't part of the war, so I cannot attest to the validity of these records, yet I would be hardpressed to imagine an elf master making up something like this in a historical account. So, my dear attendant, I was thinking that there might be another landmass that I am unaware of - one that has no mortals on it atleast". 

Kranch looked shocked for a moment, then burst out, "No offence my lord, but how can you be unconcered about the incoming crisis? The drakekin from all the outer circles have gathered here, your brother's minions have already surrounded the boy while our assassin takes its time loitering about, and for all that, you seem to be paying heed to some lost legend while the world is on the edge of destruction"; he huffed, then closed his mouth tightly as if he spoke more than he wished to.

Anudin was staring as his attendant with a slightly amused look, eventually returing to the document and speaking once more; "Awfully bold today, aren't we? Seems your brazen attitude runs in the family. In any case, to answer your question, yes - I am quite concerned about the crisis. That being said, I have already played my cards. The drakekin are of no concern as of yet, they will harm us only if their lords decree so. About the boy, well, my brother's minions are actually waiting for our assassin to come, so they won't be acting as well. There is still some time before it - nay, 'she', locates the boy. This is what the mortals would refer to as the 'calm before the storm'. Either way, being concered is one thing, needless worry is another. Since I seems to have some time on my hands, I wanted to go through the old records to see if I could find anything of significance that might aid us. My brother can be horrifyingly negligent of the minor details, a weakness we can take advantage of. This unknown landmass theory actually piques my interest quite a bit; in fact, thinking about it now, would it not be possible that the fleet came from another portal - another world, just like the drakekin did? Yes, that actually sounds more plausible. Hmmm...". Anudin once more had a furrowed brow, his mind grinding out possibilities and sifting opportunities."

***

Niyensi was slightly hungry, yet she didn't pounch on the female human in front of her like she normally did in the cities
